[Mei] I...
Mei?
[Mei] I really...
I really...
Yamato, what do I need to
do to make you only mine?
I can't say it out loud,
but I've called you "Yamato"
plenty of times inside my head.
Yamato, are you the kind
of person who doesn't
have a problem going
to other girls' homes,
even though you
have a girlfriend?
Mei...
[Yamato] Mei!
Let's go home together today!
[Yamato] It's been a while
since we walked home together.
Seems like I've done nothing
but photo shoots after school.
[Mei] Yeah.
I'm the one who
suggested he do it.
[Yamato] What's wrong?
[Mei] Nothing.
[Yamato] You're quiet.
[Mei] I'm always quiet.
[Yamato] Okay.
Do you want to stop
by the park?
[Mei] Sure.
[Yamato] Oh, by the way,
Kuro's been getting bigger.
You might be surprised if
you saw the little guy now.
They're only kittens
for a short time.
Look away for just a second,
and they'll look
completely different.
I see.
Yeah.
You know Mei, I'm glad
we set this time aside.
I get to hear
what's on your mind,
and you get to hear
what's on mine.
It's important, you know?
[Mei] How did he act when
he was with Megumi-san?
A Yamato I don't know...
[Yamato] Mei?
Is something wrong?
[Mei] No.
[Yamato] By the way,
Kitagawa asked me if I wanted
to keep on doing shoots
for Dessert.
Do it if you want to...
You told me I looked
handsome the other day,
so I think I'll do it
a little bit longer.
[Mei] What?
I guess I was curious
whether or not
there would be another
big surprise today.
[sigh]
When you look at me like that,
it creeps me out, okay?
[Mei] You need to stop.
[Yamato] Mei, I'm sorry
you're creeped out.
I'm going home.
[Mei] That's the first time...
Kurosawa let go of my hand...
[mom] Hey, do you think the mud
in a mud pack is actually mud
or is it something else?
Wow, it says this is a
combination of mud from
three different countries.
It even has seaweed extract.
I wonder which three countries
they're talking about.
Hey.
I don't know.
By the way, how are things
with your boyfriend?
Good, I guess.
Okay.
[door opening]
[Mei] Good night.
[Mei] What's wrong with me?
I don't like how I'm acting.
I need to get it together.
[Asami] Hey, Mei-chan,
are you okay?
[Mei] Huh?
[Aiko] You look awful.
I-I'm okay...
What's okay about you?
[imitating a drumroll]
[Asami] Ta-da! It's a magic key.
That's nice...
What's it for?
[Asami] Take it.
Now, you match with Yamato.
Apparently, it's a
limited edition design
celebrating Land's
20th anniversary.
Nakanishi gave one to Yamato,
too, so now you're a match.
[Mei] Th-Thanks.
[giggle]
That amusement park...
Is it really that much fun...
i-if the two of you
go as a couple?
Mei-chan, you're becoming such
a girl right before our eyes.
It's really amazing how
cute you've become, too.
You know that?
That's not true...
Yes it is.
You know, if I were Yamato,
I'd worry about you
growing up so fast.
[giggle]
[Asami] Mei-chan?
I'll treasure it, really.
[Asami] Put it on your phone.
[Mei] I need to apologize
to Kurosawa.
[Megumi] That's so cute.
That key! I bet Yamato
has one just like it.
Asami-san just gave it to me.
That's awesome, Mei-chan.
You and Yamato-kun
make a great couple.
So long.
[Mei] I shouldn't worry
about rumors.
I should trust him.
[Nakanishi] What the heck?
Yamato, you didn't even
attach your key chain yet.
Huh? Oh, I'll put it
on later, okay?
Put it on now, dude.
[Yamato] Okay, okay.
[Nakanishi] Really.
[Yamato] Yeah, I will.
[Nakanishi] Don't tell me you're
embarrassed about this now.
[girl 1] Hey, did you read
Megu-tan's interview?
She said there's
someone she likes.
He's a model like her,
and he's like a prince...
[girl 2] It's got to be Yamato.
There's even a rumor
that Yamato was seen
coming out of Megu-tan's place.
[girl 1] Tachibana
is in trouble.
[girl 2] But no matter
how you look at it,
Yamato and Megu-tan would
make a better couple.
[giggling]
[girl 1] You said it.
Huh? Mei-chan,
you're leaving early?
I don't feel well.
W-Wait, I'll walk home with you.
[Mei] It's okay.
I should be alone right now...
[Asami] But...
[Mei] I need time
to clear my head.
Uh, Mei-chan.
Give her space, Asami.
Okay...
Right now, she's fighting with
herself about all this nonsense.
When she's ready
to talk, she'll come around.
[Asami] Huh... Do you think
she read Megu-tan's interview?
Even if she didn't, she's
probably hearing someone
else gossip about it.
[sigh]
[Aiko] And I managed
to scare this up.
Want to hit Mr. Donut
on the way home?
Aiko-chan!
[giggling]
[Aiko] You know, Yamato,
you're making a lot of
people worry right now.
[Yamato] Aiko, I got your text.
Everything okay?
[Aiko] I'm guessing you
haven't read this yet,
[mockingly]
but maybe you can guess who
little Megu-tan's prince is.
We know. You've been
coming and going
from Megumi Kitagawa's
place lately, haven't you?
Someone saw you.
Rumors are spreading,
and me, Asami,
and probably everyone
else at school knows about it.
And of course by "everybody",
I mean Mei, too.
Tachibana... she was so shocked,
she went home.
Wait. There's nothing between
me and Kitagawa.
It was just dinner, Aiko.
[Aiko] Said the fly about
the spider, you dunce.
Even if nothing is happening,
you're turning that girlfriend
of yours into a nervous wreck.
[Aiko] Look at it
this way, Kurosawa:
One day, Tachibana meets some
guy and then goes running back
to his apartment with him.
You don't know about it and
she decides on top of that,
not to tell you.
So, are you going
to forgive her?
It's not like that...
[Aiko] It's exactly like that.
I'm guessing you wouldn't
like it very much.
That's what you did.
And Tachibana is going
to worry herself sick
every time you go on a
photoshoot from now on.
[Aiko] She's held all these
feelings in and tried to
encourage you at the same time.
It's got to be hard, seriously.
[Yamato] But I really didn't
do anything with Kitagawa.
[Aiko] Okay, fine.
Just saying,
you need to tell her about it.
[Aiko] Go to her.
Tell her. Fix it now.
[dial tone]
[Yamato] Hello? Mei?
[phone] We're sorry,
but your call cannot
be completed as dialed.
The number you have called
is either outside the
service area or you may-
[Yamato] Mei.
[phone hanging up]
[Aiko] You have to put your
relationship ahead
of being nice to everyone
else sometimes.
[panting]
[Yamato] Mei, I'm sorry.
[Mei] Why did I...
When you look at me like that,
it creeps me out, okay?
[Mei] Why didn't
I apologize right away?
Why didn't I tell him
I was just being shy?
No...
Why didn't I ask him why
he went to Megumi-san's place?
I should have asked him
that before I said anything...
[phone vibrating]
[beep]
[Yamato] Hello?
[Megumi] Yamato-kun.
Where are you?
You suddenly disappeared.
I was so surprised.
[Yamato] Sorry, Kitagawa.
I can't go to the shoot today.
I'll call the agency
myself, okay?
[Megumi] Huh? What? Hey.
Yamato...
[dial tone]
Tch.
[woman] Huh? Mei-chan?
I'm sorry. Is it too early
for me to start today?
[woman] No, it's fine.
Did something happen?
No, ma'am.
[Mei] Well, good...
Mom's home and I don't want to
worry her by coming home early.
[doorbell]
[mom] Yes?
[Yamato] Is Mei-san there?
Oh, my name is Kurosawa.
[mom] She isn't home yet.
I see.
I beg your pardon.
Hmm?
Welcome.
Oh, my.
Just these.
Yes.
[gasp]
[Kai] That!
That's from Land's 20th
anniversary, isn't it?
[nervous sounds]
It is, right!?
[Mei] Let go.
[Kai] Huh?
It's rude to just go and
grab someone's hand like that.
[Kai] Oh, sorry!
It's just that I like
going to Land so much!
Going there has always put
a smile on my face. Uh...
[Kai] Oh, I-I mean, sorry.
Anyway, I can never
ignore limited editions
and anniversaries!
I went to buy that key
chain right away,
but it went on sale the same day
the Halloween concert
started, right?
I really wouldn't
know about that...
[Kai] Why did I have
to start with a concert?
I should have gotten that first
and then gone to the show
afterward, damn it!
That key is so doggone cute...
Limited editions are different
from everything else they issue.
[Kai] I really want one.
Man, I can't help myself.
Give it to me! Pretty please!
[Mei] Uh...
[woman] Even if you ask,
I don't believe-
[Kai] No, ma'am.
I'm not giving up on this
endeavor, miss.
I know it's not customary
among Land lovers to be
so materialistic,
but will you let me have
that magic key?
[Nakanishi] What the heck?
Yamato, you didn't even
attach your key chain yet.
I'll put it on later.
Put it on now, dude.
Okay, just a minute.
Look, I get the fact you like
Land more than anything,
but I can't give this to you.
I'm sorry.
Oh, no... I'm sorry for being
so obnoxious about it.
See ya.
[Mei] Thank you very much.
Oh, I should've said,
I'm Kai Takemura.
I'll be starting at
Toumei High next week.
And I'll stop by again sometime.
He's a student?
At my school?
Whoa...
[Mei] I wonder...
Did Yamato put his on?
[sniffle]
I really like Yamato.
It hurts.
I don't know what to do.
I have no idea.
I'm clueless.
Ever since I really started
liking Yamato...
I've felt nothing but pain.
[snap]
[running steps]
[Yamato] Mei!
[sigh]
[panting]
[Yamato] I'm sorry, Mei.
What...
Mei...
[Yamato] I'm so sorry.
[Mei] I-I've had enough.
Since I started liking you...
My head's been full
of thoughts about you.
I've become so narrow-minded.
[Mei] I want to support your
modeling work, but I can't.
I pushed Asami-san and Aiko-san
away when they were worried
about me.
I want to believe Megumi-san
is a good person,
but I just can't do it.
I'm turning into the kind
of person I don't like...
No, that isn't true, Mei!
I deserve the blame...
You haven't changed at all!
It's my fault that you're
feeling this way
and it isn't right at all.
[Mei] It's fine.
It's not fine!
Let me explain myself!
There's nothing between
me and Kitagawa.
But I shouldn't have gone
to her house with her
and not told you
about it afterwards...
Aiko had to tell me.
It was thoughtless of me.
[Yamato] But, Mei,
I really do love you.
I'm really sorry.
Mei...
[sigh]
[Mei] I guess Yamato
and I are both...
new to love...
[Mei] When we meet someone...
[Marshmallow] Meow.
[Mei] And even when
we sometimes disagree...
[Marshmallow] Meow.
[Mei] We come to understand
each other bit by bit.
[Marshmallow] Meow, meow.
[Mei] We should treasure
each and every...
[Marshmallow] Meow.
[Mei] ...event that happens.
[Marshmallow] Meow...